	-. A 50 year old woman has the recent onset of aching lims, difficulty climbing stairs, and difficulty rising from a chair. Examination shows tendernes of the quadriceps. there is a purple-red discoloracion of the skin over the upper cheeks, eyelids, and forhead and flat-topped, pueple nodules over the elbows and kees. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis.
		(A) Dermatomyositis
		(B) Mixed connective tissue disease
		(C) Psoriasis
		(D) systemic lupus eryhematosis; 
		"A"

	-. A 32 year-old homosexual man has a purulent urethral discharge. A culture grows Neisseria gonorrhoeae sensitive to penicillin. one week after cessation of penicillin therapy, the patient has a recurrence of the urethral discharge. A culture again shows Neisseria gonorrhoeae sensitive to penicillin. Both the patien and his sex partner are HIV negative. Examination of the patient's sex partner shows an anal fissure urethral culture does not grow Neisseria gonorrhoeae. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the recurrence of urethral infeccion?
		(A) Concurrent herpesvirus infection
		(B) Emergence of bacterial resistance
		(C) Excesive alcohol intake
		(D) Inadequate treatment with penicillin
		(E) Reinfection from the partner; 
		"E"

	-. Which of the following groups of women should be routinely screened for gestational diabetes?
		(A) All women of childbearing age
		(B) All pregnant women
		(C) Only obese pregnant women
		(D) Only pregnant women older than 35 years
		(E) Only pregnant women with symptoms of diabetes mellitus;
		"B"

	-. A 78 year-old man has been taking indomethacin for low back pain for 2 weeks. Although his pais is now less severe, he has developed bilateral pedal edema. Physical examination is otherwise unremarkable, the blader is not distended. His serun urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine levels are 56 mg/dl. and 2.9 mg/dl, respectively; these values were previously within nrmal limits. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step?
		(A) Discontinuation of the indomethacin
		(B) Prescription for a thiazide diuretic
		(C) Evaluation of multiple myeloma
		(D) Measurement of urine sodium and creatinine levels
		(E) Renal untrasonography;
		"A"

	-. A 54-year-old woman comes to the physician 2 months after her husband died of a myocardial infaction. She tires easily and has chest pain when she inhales deeply at rest. She has had frequent crying spells associated with thoughts of her husband and feel uninvolved in daily activities. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Conversion disorder
		(B) Generalized anxiety disorder
		(C) Major depression
		(D) Normal grief
		(E) Pathologic grief;
		"D"

	-. In patiens with chronic renal failure, decreased absorption of calcium by the small intestino es most comonly the result of which of the following?
		(A) Failure of renal conversion of chelecalciferol (vitamin D3) to 25-hydroxycholecalciferol
		(B) Failure of renal conversion of 25-hydrozycholecalciferol to 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol
		(C) Increased intestinal absorption of magnesium
		(D) Secondary hyperparathyroidism;
		"B"

	-. A 30-year-old woman with Graves' disease was treated with radioiodine 1 year ago. Which of the following id of most concern in the ongoing care of this patient?
		(A) Germ cell damage
		(B) Hypothyroidism
		(C) Leukemia
		(D) Recurrent Graves' disease
		(E) Thyroid carcinoma;
		"B"

	-. In a study of prophylactic isoniazid therapy, tuberculin-positive school children were randomly assigned to drug or placebo treatment groups. athird group, consisting of those who elected not to enroll in the study, was also followed. After several years the third group had a significantly higher rate of tuberculosis than the placebo group. Which of the folloqing is the most likely cause of these results?
		(A) Observer bias
		(B) Placebo effect
		(C) Poor randomization
		(D) Self-selection bias
		(E) Unblinded bias;
		"D"

	-. A 70-kg (154lb) man with chronic renal failure has fatigue and generalized weakness. There is no evidence of active bleeding. His hemoglobin level is 5.0 g/dl. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the decreased hemoglobin level?
		(A) Chronic gstrointestinal bleeding
		(B) Chronic hemolysis
		(C) Chronic iron deficiency
		(D) Transferrin deficiency;
		"D"

	--. Which of the following is primarily responsible for the increased winter distribution of certain respiratory infections?
		(A) Change in host resistance due to chilling
		(B) Crowding and reduced ventilation
		(C) Increased survival of causal organisms at low humidity
		(D) Introduction of a large number of susceptible persons
		(E) Waning of protective antibodies acquired the previous year;
		"B"

	--. A 13-year old boy has nasal discharge and itching of the eyes each year in the early summer. Fifteen minutes after sking testing with a mixture of grass pollens, he develops erythema and a 15-mm wheal at the site. The skin test response is most likely a result of the following mechanisms?
		(A) Antigen-antibody complexes being formed in the blood vessels in the skin
		(B) Influx of phagocytic cells in response to injection of the foreign proteins
		(C) Realease of histamine from mast cells
		(D) Release of lymphokines by sensitized lymphocytes reacting with antigens
		(E) Release of lymphokines from mast cells;
		"C"

	--. An infant has a flat, dark-pigmented area of skin over the sacral region. The area is roughtly oval, has a crearly defined border, and differs from the surrounding skin only in color. Which of the following es the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Diastematomyelia
		(B) Mongolian spot
		(C) Nevus flammeus
		(D) Pilonidal cyst
		(E) Spina bifida;
		"B"

	--. Which of the following disorders is most likely to respond to topical antifungal agents?
		(A) Lichen simplex chronicus
		(B) Piryriasis lichenoides
		(C) Pityriasis rosea
		(D) Psoriasis
		(E) Tinea versicolor;
		"E"

	--. A 37-year-old woman, gravida 3, para 3, has had labor-like pains and a small amount of vaginal bleeding for 2 days. She has had increasingly heavy, regular menstrual periods for the past 3 years; her last menstrual periods was 18 day ago. Her youngest child is 10 years old. The cervix is moderately effaced and dilated 2 cm; there is beefy red tissue in the os. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Carcinoma of the cervix
		(B) Carcinoma of the endometrium
		(C) Incomplete abortion
		(D) Pedunculated submucous leiomyoma
		(E) Sarcoma of the uterus;
		"D"

	--. A 4-year-old boy with a displaced supracondylar fracture of the humerus without neurovascular complication is placed in skeletal traction. Six hours later, he has severe pain in the forearm and fingers. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
		(A) Increased weight on the traction apparatus
		(B) Administration of analgesic medication
		(C) Exploration of the fracture and fasciotomy of the flexor compartment of the forearm
		(D) Closed reduction with the patient under anesthesia
		(E) Open reduction and internal fixation of the fracture;
		"C"

	--. A 70-year-old man has had severe myalgias, malaise, and weight loss over the past 2 months. Examination shows no abnormalities. His hematocrit is 30%, leukocytes count is 11,300/mm and erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 112 mm/h. Serum creatinine kinase activity es normal. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Hyperthyroid myopathy
		(B) Myasthenia gravis
		(C) Polymyalgia rheumatica
		(D) Steroid myopathy
		(E) Rheumatoid arthritis;
		"C"

	--. A pregnant woman comes to the physician because of increased nervousness and sweating. Examination shows a pulse of 100/min and an enlarged thyroid. Thyroid function studies show: Thyroxina(T4) increased, Free T4 normal, Triiodothyronine(T3) increased, Free T3 normal,
Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Graves' disease
		(B) Hyperthyrooidism
		(C) Increased  thyroxine-binding globulin level
		(D) Silent thyroiditis;
		"C"

	--. A 4-year-old boy with tetralogy of Fallot frequently stop while playing, appears cyanotic, squats on his hunches, and then appears less blue and resumes playing. Squatting relieves his cyanosis by which of the following mechanisms?
		(A) Decreasing his rspiratory rate, allowing more time for pulmonary oxigenation
		(B) Decreasing myocardial oxigen demand, allowing his heart to rest
		(C) Decreasing peripheral resistance, allowing greater forward cardiac output
		(D) Increasing peripheral resistance, thereby decreaising his right-to-left shunt
		(E) Increasing venous return, enhancing his right-to-left shunt;
		"D"

	--. A 23-year-old woman loses consciousness inmediately after hitting her head on a rock when her canoe capsizes in rapids. it takes several minutes to bring her to the surface. She regains consciousness after 20 minutes of cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Ten hours later, she develops respiratory failure. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
		(A) Acidemia-induced pulmonary vasoconstriction
		(B) Decreased oncotic pressure after hemodilution
		(C) Hypoxemia-induced pulmonary hypertension
		(D) Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema;
		"D"

	--. A 32-year-old woman, gravida 5, para 4, at 32 weeks' gestation is admitted to the hospital because of mild, bright red vaginal bleeding. Her last two children were delivered by low cervical cesarean section. She has ncount. In addition to bedo pain or contractions. Her vital sighs are stable and within normal limits. Fetal heart rate is 140/min and regular. Intravenous fluids are administered and blood is drawn for typing, crossmatching, and complete blood count. In addition to bed rest, which of the following is the most appropriated management at ths time?
		(A) Observation only
		(B) Rectal examfe/TIBC) is 5%ination
		(C) Vaginal examination
		(D) Narcotic sedation
		(E) Oxytocin intravenously;
		"A"

	--. An asymptomatic 58-year-old man has microcytic hypochromic anemia. His transferrin saturation (Fe/TIBC) is 5%. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the decreased total iron-binding capacity?
		(A) Blood loss from the urinary tract
		(B) Deficiency of iron
		(C) Malabsorption of iron
		(D) Ocult blood loss from the bowel
		(E) Sideroblastic anemia;
		"D"

	--. Following major injury, which of the following is most likely to increase urine osmolarity?
		(A) Decreased excretion of water
		(B) Defective bicarbonate-hydrogen exchange mechanism
		(C) Increased excretion os sodium
		(D) Increased excretion of urea
		(E) Increased excretion of phosphate, potassium, and urea;
		"B"

	--. A positive straight-leg raising test is most suggestive of which of the following disorders?
		(A) Ankylosing spondylitis
		(B) Aseptic necrosis of the femoral head
		(C) Development dislocation of the hip
		(D) Herniated lumbar disc
		(E) Rupture of the quadriceps muscle;
		"D"

	--. A 9-year-old girl has unilateral breat enlargement that was first noted 3 months ago. Breast tissue can be palpated; there is no tenderness or discharge from the nipple. Examination shows no masses. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Adrenogenital syndrome
		(B) Breast lipoma
		(C) Ovarian tumor
		(D) Physiologic thelarche
		(E) Pineal tumor;
		"D"

	--. A full-term 2-month-old infant appeared well until 3 weeks ago when he became dyspneic and had difficulty feeding. A loud pansystolic murmur es heard at the left lower sternal border. An ECG shows left and right ventricular hypertrophy. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Acute bronchiolitis
		(B) Allergy to formula
		(C) Atrial septal defect
		(D) Pulmonary hypertension
		(E) Ventricular septal defect;
		"E"

	--. Which of the following is the most common coexistent infection in women with endocervical gonococcal infection?
		(A) Bacteroides fragilis
		(B) Chlamydia trachomatis
		(C) Haemophilus ducreyi
		(D) Listeria monocytogenes
		(E) Treponema pallidum;
		"B"

	--. A 20-year-old woman is found to have a 6-cm, left adnexal mass on routine examination. Ultrasonography suggests a benign cystic teratoma. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
		(A) Periodic pelvic examinations to detet any enlargement
		(B) Laparoscopy
		(C) Oophorectomy
		(D) Ovarian cystectomy and inspection of the contralateral ovary
		(E) Salpingo-oophorectomy;
		"D"

	--. A 3-year-old boy had fever, cough, and difficulty breathing for 2 weeks. An x-ray film of the chest shows a right middle-lobe infiltrate and a large pleural effusion. Thoracentesis shows purulent fluid; culture of the fluid grows Bacteroides melaninogenicus. The infection is most likely a complication of which of the following?
		(A) Cystic fibrosis
		(B) Foreingbody aspiration
		(C) An immunologic defect
		(D) Inhalation of a toxic hydrocarbon
		(E) Subacute appendicitis;
		"B"

	--. A 17-year-old boy with a history of behavior disturbances speaks of his mother as evil and his father as perfect. He similarly refers to oters person he knows in exaggerated evil or good term. Ehich of the following terms best describes this tendency?
		(A) Confabulation
		(B) Dissociation
		(C) Homophilia
		(D) Schizoid
		(E) Splitting;
		"E"

	--. A 39-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1, has spontaneous vaginal delivery of a 3090-g (6 lb 13 oz) newborn. He has a flattened nasal bridge, prominent epicanthal folds, and a ventricular septal defect. Her pregnancy was complicated by pyelonephritis at 16 weeks' gestation and a flu-like illness at 32 weeks' gestation. which of the following prenatal studies es most likely to have diagnosed this newborn's condition?
		(A) Amniocentesis for karyotype
		(B) antepartum nonstress test
		(C) Cytomegalovirus titer
		(D) Measument of maternal serum alfa-fetoprotein level
		(E) rubella titer;
		"A"

	--. A 32-year-old man begins neuroleptic tratment for agitation. Serum studies are most likely to show a change in the pretreatment level of which of the following?
		(A) Cortisol
		(B) Glucose
		(C) Prolactin
		(D) Testosterone
		(E) Thyroxine (T4);
		"C"

	--. An asymptomatic 3-year-old boy es brought to the physician for a routine examination. Small, inguinal lymph nodes are palpable; no other abnormalities are noted. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step?
		(A) Schedule a toutine follow-up examination
		(B) Urine cultue for bacteria
		(C) Tape test for pinworms
		(D) Monosport test
		(E) Complete blood count;
		"A"

	--. A 20-year-old woman, gravida 1, para 6, para 0, has been in labor for 7 1/2 hours. Membranes ruptured 10 hours ago. The fetal heart rate is regular at 144/min. contractions are of good quality, occur approximately every 2-3 minutes, and last 45 seconds. the cervix has been completely dilated for i hour. she has been pushing the intire time. The fetal vertex is judged to be left occiput anterior and has descended from 0 station to spines +2. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
		(A) Arrested labor,  active phase
		(B) Arrested labor, deceleration phase
		(C) Arrested labor, second stage
		(D) Pelvic dystocia
		(E) Normal labor;
		"E"

	--. A 16-year-old girl has severe acne unresponsive to conventional therapy. Which of the following laboratory studies should be performed prior to prescribing isotretinoin?
		(A) Measurement of urine B-hCG
		(B) Measurement of serum urea nitrogen (BUN)
		(C) Complete blood count
		(D) Lipid profile
		(E) Liver function studies;
		"A"
	
		

